	Report Properties

This describes the various properties that each report module may or may not
report. We have a few properties we consider required and then there are a
few that are optional. In addition, some properties may not yet be used by
the client-side software:

	Required Properies
snow.fresh
	The amount of "fresh" snow. The definition of "fresh" can vary from
	resort to resort, but generally is the amount in the last 24 hrs.
snow.daily
	An array of recent snow fall measurements. This is usually reported
	like: "24hr(1) 48hr(2)"
snow.total
	The total amount of snow on the mountain. This can be an array if
	the resort reports values at the base and top
snow.units
	inches or cm
date
	The date the report was generated. This can be used to make sure we
	aren't looking at a report that is outdated.
weather.url
	A URL to visit to get upcoming forecast information. For US resorts
	this is on forecast.weather.gov.
weather.icon
	A string that describes an icon resort in the client side that can
	be used to display a weather icon in the application.
location
	The internal resort code we use for the module.
location.info
	A URL to get information about the resort
cache.found
	Says whether or not the server picked up a cached copy of the report.
	This is useful for debugging purposes.

	Optional Properties
snow.conditions
	A few resorts will provide comments like "packed powder"
location.comments
	Some resorts have comments like "This Friday is bikini madness".
location.latitude
location.longitude
	The geo coordinates of the resort. We use this to give a map link to
	the resort. Its also used by US resorts to get the weather report
	from forecast.weather.gov.
lifts.open
lifts.total
	Used to desiginate things like "9 of 13 lifts open". NOTE: Some resorts
	just report how many are open and not the total count.
trails.percent_open
trails.open
trails.total
	Similar to the lifts property. eu_report.php uses the percent_open
	property rather than open or total.
snow.making (not supported in client)
	Some resorts indicate whether or not they are making snow
weather.forecast.when.<index>
weather.forecast.desc.<index>
weather.forecast.when-exact.<index> (not supported in client)
	This allows us to give weather forecast to the client. We report an
	array of these, so the index field is needed. The "when" is a readable
	label. The "desc" is the actual report information.
	when-exact is going to be used to help a feature for predicting and
	alerting when it will snow.
wind.avg
	Can be an array of average wind speeds reported at the resort.
temp.readings
	Can be an array of temperatures recorded at the resort.
details.url
	Can provide a link to a more detailed view of the the snow report
	data.
